Add Terraform Cloud integration docs (#30102)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/cloud/migrating.html.md

There are three potential scenarios:

1. **Fresh working directory:** If the working directory has no existing Terraform state, no migrations will occur. You can start using Terraform with Terraform Cloud right away, creating workspaces and starting runs.
2. **State backend or local state:** If the working directory already has state data in one or more workspaces (using either local state or a [state backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html)), Terraform will ask if you're like to migrate that state to new Terraform Cloud workspaces. You will need permission to manage workspaces in the destination Terraform Cloud organization. You may also be prompted to rename the workspaces being migrated, to better distinguish them within a Terraform Cloud organization.
3. **`remote` backend:** If the working directory was already connected to Terraform Cloud with the `remote` backend, Terraform can continue using the same Terraform Cloud workspaces. The local names shown for those workspaces will change to match their remote names.

> The rest of this page briefly describes cases 2 and 3.

Reviewer: I think this is nice to keep because it's a good summary of what can happen in a kind of squishy operation, and because users will only need to know about one of these scenarios for a given workspace.

## Migrating from Local State or Other Backends

If the working directory already has state data available (using either local state or a [state
backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html)), Terraform will ask your approval to migrate
that state to Terraform Cloud. This process is interactive and self-documenting, and resembles
moving between state backends.

> You may also be prompted to rename your workspaces during the migration, to either give a name to
> the unnamed `default` workspace (Terraform Cloud requires all workspaces to have a name) or give
> your workspace names more contextual information. Unlike typical Terraform workspaces representing
> an environment associated with a particular configuration (e.g. production, staging, development),
> Terraform Cloud workspaces are named uniquely across all configurations used within an organization.
> Because of this, you'll be given an opportunity to rename the working directory's workspaces
> according to a pattern relative to their existing names. A typical strategy to start with is
> `<COMPONENT>-<ENVIRONMENT>-<REGION>` (e.g.  `networking-prod-us-east`,
> `networking-staging-us-east`). For more information on workspace naming, see [Workspace
> Naming](/docs/cloud/workspaces/naming.html) in the Terraform Cloud documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform may also prompt you to rename your workspaces during the migration, to either give a name to
the unnamed `default` workspace (Terraform Cloud requires all workspaces to have a name) or give
your workspace names more contextual information. Unlike Terraform CLI-only workspaces, which represent
multiple environments associated with the same configuration (e.g. production, staging, development),
Terraform Cloud workspaces can represent totally independent configurations, and must have unique names within the Terraform Cloud organization.

Because of this, Terraform will prompt you to rename the working directory's workspaces
according to a pattern relative to their existing names, which can indicate the fact that these specific workspaces share configuration. A typical strategy to start with is
`<COMPONENT>-<ENVIRONMENT>-<REGION>` (e.g.  `networking-prod-us-east`,
`networking-staging-us-east`). For more information on workspace naming, see [Workspace
Naming](/docs/cloud/workspaces/naming.html) in the Terraform Cloud documentation.
```

## Migrating from the `remote` Backend

The [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) was the primary
implementation of Terraform Cloud's [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html) for
Terraform versions 0.11.13 through 1.0.x. We recommend using the native `cloud`
integration for Terraform versions 1.1 or later, as it provides an improved user experience and
various enhancements.

### Block Replacement

When switching from the `remote` backend to a `cloud` block, Terraform will continue using the same
set of Terraform Cloud workspaces. Replace your `backend "remote"` block with an equivalent `cloud`
block:

- If you were using a single workspace via the `name` argument, change the block
  label to `cloud`.

    ```diff
     terraform {
    -  backend "remote" {
    +  cloud {
         organization = "my-org"

         workspaces {
           name = "my-app-prod"
         }
       }
     }
    ```

- If you were using multiple workspaces via the `prefix` argument, replace it
  with a `cloud` block that uses the `tags` argument. You may specify any number of tags to

>   distinguish the workspaces for your working directory, but a good starting point may be to use

Reviewer: I'm not seeing what changed here 🤔 @laurapacilio can you spell it out for me?
